This lecture is only for the Mac OS users, if you are not a Mac, please just skip this lecture.
We will learn how to install and configure Daxam package, which is a bundle of Apache Web server and
then MySQL database, the first step is to download Gazump.
So visit Daxam website and go to the download section.
Voda Download links are available on the main page.
Please don't click them.
Scroll to the MapQuest section.
From the options, choose the first BHP seven point for the one lighter in size, the second one uses
the virtual machine and I don't recommend it.
When the package is downloaded, Ronder installer use default options.
You might be asked for your password, so please divert.
Other than that, just use the default options and press next until it installs.
Zamp is located in the applications subfolder.
To start it, random manager or ASX up, it can also be started from the launchpad.
Or using the spotlight.
When started, you'd be asked for your admin password.
On the MENAGED servers stop, you can start a party and Michael.
Just click on the server, you wants to be started and press start or stop to stop the server.
If Apache does not start, make sure port aid is not blocked, it can be blocked by Skype, so make
sure to quit Skype before trying or other servers you might be running.
Finally, go visit HTP 127 oh one in your browser, which is the localhost address, and you should
see the SARP dashboard.
This means the setup was a success.
Next, you can visit this local address.
Be my admin to access the database manager later when we'll set up the database.
We will also learn about other recommendations.